---
layout: post
title: About Me
hidden: true
---

## About Me

Hi my name is Cristin, I'm currently working on this page.  

## Work Experience

04/2022- Current  
Research Analyst, Carnegie Mellon CREATE lab 
* Cleaned and manipulated big data in python to visualize patterns of displacement and effects of gentrification 

01/2022- Current  
Data Science Independent Consultant, ProCogia 
* Led UI/UX design for a business intelligence tool, developed a containerized web application using a Django front end and Postgres backend.
* Incorporated new data sources via API calls into an integrated front end and created visualizations using plotly and dash. 

01/2020-06/2021  
Data Analytics Independent Consultant, Acrisure Insurance
* Scraped data in python and stored in SQL to automate generation of Tableau dashboards and embed in client websites.
* Created over 15 dashboards to improve business analytics and streamline decision making.

01/2020-05/2021  
Data Analytics Intern, Center for Organizational Analytics
* Lead two teams of interns by determining tasks to be completed, training and providing mentorship, and ensuring quality of work.
* Provided analytics to President’s Office at Elon, preprocessing data and building Tableau dashboards depicting student education trends.

05/2020-08/2020  
Data Analytics Intern, T. Rowe Price
* Provided reports and dashboards for the Individual Investors department using adobe analytics and Tableau.
* Created an automated Tableau dashboard for Market Event Response and presented product to 150+ stakeholders.

05/2019-08/2019  
Business Intelligence Intern, Lovelytics
* Developed over 20 Tableau dashboards addressing key business questions.
* Coordinated with clients to present ideas, receive feedback, and reform based on feedback.


